{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When I first planned out this project in my mind I thought that once I had the idea for what I wanted to do it would be simple to get the data in and the hard part would be transforming and converting the data into different types. In the end, I found that it was the most difficult loading the data into a notebook in the first place. I was having a lot of trouble with errors, especially with the JSON file and even after brushing back up on old JSON work I still felt like I had a little bit of trouble getting it where I needed it being I scrapped the Pok\'e9mon data from Kaggle and that was not something I had done before. While creating the program to alter the file type certainly took a lot of time it was not too difficult especially since the code for CSV and JSON are quite similar. I just had to refer to old notes to make sure I got the SQL stuff right. When looking for data I tried to at least find something I found interesting on Kaggle. Adding a column didn\'92t fit with my data since there was not a lot of numerical data that could be manipulated into something meaningful, and I couldn\'92t add entries into rows since the datasets I chose were so large. I had to choose columns to remove so I did the street unit for the real estate data since most of the values were nulls and I chose the image links for the Pokemon data since I felt like it was not important to the rest of the data in the table. A lot of the work done in this project could be applied to many future data science projects that I go through. Each different type of data storage and file type has its advantages and being able to easily convert them from one form to another will help me be able to better tailor data to specific needs. It also helps to be able to take in data from multiple different sources and be able to manipulate it. There are so many different sources of data whether it be from APIs, websites, or local files, and being able to convert it into a usable form is like I found in this project, the hardest part a lot of the time.\
}